Update editing_geometry_attributes.rst (#9657)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/editing_geometry_attributes.rst

They are selection persistent, so when some
operation is done, selection stays active for this feature and tool.

.. _tip_tracing_support:

.. tip:: **Drawing a series of new vertices**

>    The vertex tool does not support automatic tracing and is optimised for 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The vertex tool does not support :ref:`automatic tracing <tracing>` and is optimized for 
```
Let's ref to the mentioned feature. en_US the docs is.
